Integrity check and on-path modifications (#253)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

header, including exposed information, is integrity
protected. Further, information that was sent and exposed in handshake packets
sent before the cryptographic context was established are validated later during
the cryptographic handshake. Therefore, devices on path cannot alter any
information or bits in QUIC packets. Such alterations would cause the integrity

> check at the end point to fail and as a result the receiver to discard the packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check to fail, which results in the receiver discarding the packet.
```

Some parts of Initial packets could be altered by removing and re-applying the

> authenticated encryption which immediate discard at the receiver. However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticated encryption. However,
```

> authenticated encryption which immediate discard at the receiver. However,

Author: ```suggestion
authenticated encryption without immediate discard at the receiver. However,
```
